North Korea has announced it will not participate in the upcoming Tokyo Olympics, which will open in July, citing Covid-19 quarantine. Moon Jae-in going to use the occasion of the Government's resumption of ‘The Korean Peninsula Peace Process’ these Olympics with a North Korean boycott of what we could actually was. North Korea's Olympic Committee decided not to participate in the 32nd Olympic Games to protect athletes from the global health crisis caused by the viral infection, the website of the North's sports ministry said on the 6th. The general meeting was held on the 25th of last month when North Korea fired a ballistic missile. It is the first time in 33 years that North Korea has been absent from the Summer Olympics since the 1988 Seoul Olympics. Since the beginning of the spread of Covid-19 in February last year, North Korea has been making all-out efforts to contain the virus. North Korea, which has a poor medical system, appears to have decided not to attend the event to prevent the virus from entering through athletes participating in the Olympics. It is predicted that it will not be easy to make a breakthrough in inter-Korean relations during President Moon's term due to North Korea's decision not to attend the Tokyo Olympics. In his March 1 Independence Movement speech last month, President Moon also said, The Tokyo Olympics can be an opportunity for dialogue between South Korea and Japan, North Korea and the U.S. An official from the Ministry of Unification said, We hoped this Olympics would serve as an opportunity to advance peace on the Korean Peninsula and reconciliation and cooperation between the two Koreas, but we regret that we could not do so due to the Covid-19 situation. He expressed regret that the government's plan to turn the situation on the Korean Peninsula into a dialogue phase was put on hold in the wake of the Tokyo Olympics. The Japanese government's expectations to make the Tokyo Olympics a second PyeongChang Winter Olympics have also been disrupted. Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga left open the possibility of dialogue when North Korea launched a ballistic missile last month, saying, "If it helps resolve the abduction issue, it is my job to resolve it." Some analysts say that North Korea's absence is a political decision that reflects worsening relations between North Korea and Japan. However, some say that the decision to boycott the Olympics, which was made on the website of the Ministry of Sports, should be seen whether Kim Jong-un's decision was the final decision. The South Korean government reportedly believes that additional analysis is needed on whether the North's announcement was based on the premise of a top-level decision, noting that North Korea's state-run media, including the Korean Central News Agency, did not report its absence from the Olympics. The International Olympic Committee (IOC) said it has not received any official application from the North Korean Olympic Committee for its absence from the Tokyo Olympics.

North Korea has announced it will not participate in the upcoming Tokyo Olympics, which will open in July, citing Covid-19 quarantine. Moon Jae-in going to use the occasion of the Government's resumption of ‘The Korean Peninsula ­ Peace Process’ these Olympics with a North Korean boycott of what we could actually was. North Korea's Olympic Committee decided not to participate in the 32nd Olympic Games to protect athletes from the global health crisis caused by the viral infection, the website of the North's sports ministry said on the 6th. The general meeting was held on the 25th of last month when North Korea fired a ballistic missile. It is the first time in 33 years that North Korea has been absent from the Summer Olympics since the 1988 Seoul Olympics. Since the beginning of the spread of Covid-19 in February last year, North Korea has been making all-out efforts to contain the virus. North Korea, which has a poor medical system, appears to have decided not to attend the event to prevent the virus from entering through athletes participating in the Olympics. It is predicted that it will not be easy to make a breakthrough in inter-Korean relations during President Moon's term due to North Korea's decision not to attend the Tokyo Olympics. In his March 1 Independence Movement speech last month, President Moon also said, "The Tokyo Olympics can be an opportunity for dialogue between South Korea and Japan, North Korea and the U.S." An official from the Ministry of Unification said, We hoped this Olympics would serve as an opportunity to advance peace on the Korean Peninsula and reconciliation and cooperation between the two Koreas, but we regret that we could not do so due to the Covid-19 situation. He expressed regret that the government's plan to turn the situation on the Korean Peninsula into a dialogue phase was put on hold in the wake of the Tokyo Olympics. The Japanese government's expectations to make the Tokyo Olympics a "second PyeongChang Winter Olympics" have also been disrupted. Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga left open the possibility of dialogue when North Korea launched a ballistic missile last month, saying, If it helps resolve the abduction issue, it is my job to resolve it. Some analysts say that North Korea's absence is a political decision that reflects worsening relations between North Korea and Japan. However, some say that the decision to boycott the Olympics, which was made on the website of the Ministry of Sports, should be seen whether Kim Jong-un's decision was the final decision. The South Korean government reportedly believes that additional analysis is needed on whether the North's announcement was based on the premise of a top-level decision, noting that North Korea's state-run media, including the Korean Central News Agency, did not report its absence from the Olympics. The International Olympic Committee (IOC) said it has not received any official application from the North Korean Olympic Committee for its absence from the Tokyo Olympics